What's going on?
And welcome back to season
four of the Life at Disney Podcast.
Disney College Program,
mini series. I'm Josiah.
And I'm Holly.
Okay, so, Holly.
So neither one of us have been able to do
a Disney college program, unfortunately.
Right.
But if you could, what would your role be?
Easy money.
I would on be a character attendant.
I feel like walking around the park
with your favorite characters.
It's a vibe. I love it.
I want that about you.
I'm thinking photo ops.
I feel like getting behind the camera,
seeing everybody's cool moments.
That would be fun.
Yes, I can definitely see that for you
for sure.
And like what you're wearing right
now, the bright green. Yeah.
Photo passes. You see it?
I see the vision.
Yeah, Well, like you said,
we didn't get to do a college program,
but our guests today
are currently on their program,
and they're here to talk to us
about their experience.
Let's get into it.
Let's do it.
welcome to the show.
Gaby and Avi.
We are so happy to have you here. Hi.
So happy to be here.
I feel like we're kind of sitting down
with, like,
almost like a girl, like pop group.
Gaby. Avi, I like it. I like the vibes.
Yeah, I work for a good team, though.
It's perfect.
So at some point, we have to figure out,
like, what your debut album is going
to be called, you know?
that would be capable of to run
and everything.
we get producer credit on it.
Yeah. Okay. Right, Right.
Anyway, for everyone listening,
can you introduce yourselves?
Your first name, your role
and something fun.
Holly What should they add? favorite
Disney character.
Classic.
I'm Gabby.
I'm from Atlanta, Georgia,
and I am in merchandizing.
I'm in Epcot, in America, Morocco
and International Gateway.
And then my favorite character
is going to be Princess Tiana.
Excellent.
My name is Abby.
I am from Northern Kentucky.
I am a resort custodian at Ulster Movies.
And I think my favorite Disney character
probably has to be Elsa.
Who do you like?
Elsa in Frozen one or Frozen two?
Do you have a preference?
Frozen two. Frozen two.
Which is like, fully like in her powers.
Like Queen of the Universe.
Yes. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. If okay?
So tell us a little bit.
How did you hear about the Disney College
program?
Well, actually, one of my classmates
did the Disney College program first,
and when he came back, I
he was so excited about it and I was like,
let me, you know,
ask him about and stuff like that.
So and he was like, girl,
you have to do it.
Like, it's an experience.
You'll never get anything else like that.
Like you have to do it. And I was like,
okay.
And I was convinced from then and then,
you know,
you always had to talk to your mom.
So I was on the phone with my mom
and it was like, well,
he said it was a good experience
and I think this will be fun
after I graduate.
So what do you think?
And she was like Disney. Yes.
So I went ahead and, you know, got on my
computer and click, click, click there.
I would
love to see it and
shout out to your classmate
who got you here. Yes.
Yeah, that's a real one. Yeah.
So that's your mom, too?
Yeah. Yes. Yes. The first.
Yeah. Mom's.
I'm in a sorority at my school.
And when I first joined, I found out that
everyone in my sorority family had done
the Disney College program before,
and they were huge advocates of it.
This was nothing I had ever heard of,
so it was an entirely new thing.
It was a program that changed their lives
and that had a big impact
on my decision to apply.
I was just like, Well, they like it so
much, then I might as well give it a shot.
I can take a little bit. Yeah, yeah.
And it's always helpful
to have people who have that, you know,
who've had that experience too,
because it's like, All right, I trust you.
You know,
you're not going to get me wrong.
yeah.
So you, you, you apply
and then you obviously get something back
that says you're moving on
to the next step.
So what was the interview process like?
I think for me it was a little scary
Just because I'm in college,
I have, you know, classes going on
and I'm also at a sorority
and I was on the executive board.
So I'm like doing,
you know, a whole bunch of stuff.
So like when I first got that email, like,
you're moving on to the next process
and you're going to interview.
When I tell you I was on the YouTube like,
Disney calls program
interview, what the questions like, like
I like to be overprepared.
So in between, like my meetings
and my classes as I was preparing,
trying to figure out, okay, you know,
what's the best way to like,
show my enthusiasm,
you know, through a phone
because you're not face to face,
you know, Yeah,
I had sort of a similar experience,
actually, because the interview came
right at the end of the semester,
which is a very busy time,
have a lot of work piling up.
So it was just one of those other things
that I was trying to prepare for.
Did a lot of research on YouTube, a
and then I was also nervous for
the fact that it was over the phone
and not like a Zoom call or in person
because I consider myself
someone who is very expressive
and I think that is a large appeal of me
as an applicant.
So I was trying to figure out a way
that I could express how excited I was
and how badly I wanted this
and that I was motivated to do the work.
yeah.
So it seems like a lot of outside
research.
Let's go into like the actual interview
and like what your experience was with
that tips that you would give to someone
when they're doing their phone interview.
I think finding a quiet place
somewhere that you're like, comfortable.
I know a lot of people are in college
and they're like, like little spaces
that you can go to to like,
do community work and stuff like that.
That's where I did mine.
I did it in my library
because that's my safe space.
So I did it a quiet space,
and I always like to prepare
like 30 to an hour like earlier
than when my interview,
like I kind of knew like what day
and what kind of what time.
So I got there an hour early
and I just, you know, count myself,
listen to some some music
chilled for a little bit, you know,
talk to a really good friend
and then, you know, took a minute to
have you heard of the
It's called a power pose.
Yeah. So, yeah, yeah.
I literally went to the library bathroom
and I was proposing that was Kermit.
He was blown away by your power,
you know.
There you go.
But, yeah, I did my little power pose,
and I told myself, You're confident
you got this.
You have nothing to be concerned about.
You're amazing.
Let's do it. And then I sat back down
and I did my interview.
Yeah, And it works. Yeah.
Okay. Ivy, what about you?
Okay, I think my biggest tip
would be to treat it
like it's an actual interview,
Another thing is, in most interviews,
they're always going to ask you
to tell, like, Tell us about yourself.
So if you can come prepared with that,
that'll get you off to a great start.
Make you feel more confident,
Be ready to lay out
all of your skills and qualities.
They want to talk to you.
Don't be nervous.
All the interviewers here were super
duper nice, which is a big relief,
but just have confident come prepared,
do some research
and I think you'll be perfect.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
If you were to put together a playlist
because I think Gabby, you mentioned
listening to music.
What genre of music
for both of you gets you like the most
and like the most prepared.
so probably be my gym playlist.
And that's more of like it's
alternative R&B and it can be like a
it is a slow jam, which I'm like,
why are you like, you know, you
need to slow down, but I can do not.
That just gets me like, get ready, go.
Like,
yeah, it's a good one.
Driving to a slow jam.
So that's the name of your debut album?
Yeah, we found it.
I'm bringing it to you.
Disney songs, of course.
Some upbeat, some cheery.
One of those, like, hero songs.
Frozen is definitely on there.
How about Coco?
Coco?
Coco is definitely no.
People might make you cry, though.
I feel like I remember me.
I'm just going to be like I was
excited to be on the Disney
cause the Poco logo.
Okay. Yes, Yes, right.
That's my job right there.
Yeah. Okay.
So something that we don't often talk
about is like that time frame
after you do your interview
and before you get anything back.
Well, you're kind of just like waiting
and your expectations are high.
You're kind of anxious,
you're overthinking.
How do you kind of like what advice
do you have for that specific point before
you get anything back?
I would
probably say just don't think about it.
I don't.
Again, I'm also a overthinker,
so I literally had to put my phone down.
try to remain as calm as you can trust
that everything happens for a reason.
I think the beauty of Disney as a company
is that it'll be around
for a very long time.
So if this isn't the right time for you,
don't let that be
the most crushing, devastating feeling.
But also have confidence
in your interview.
Know that you're a good applicant.
Don't trust your approach
looking like you think it'll be okay.
Just keep your mind off of it.
Get excited for Disney.
Definitely don't spend all night
watching TikTok videos about the Disney.
That doesn't make you any less.
That is good.
Everything will work out
as it should. Yes.
And in your case, obviously it did
So what was that moment like?
We'll start with you.
Have you like what was it like
to finally get the notification you're in?
my gosh. I was so excited.
It was such an amazing moment because
it was something that I wanted so bad.
I think I'd spent that entire semester
picturing myself here at Disney.
I would walk on my campus.
Mark So I was like,
I got to got to get my steps up,
so I'm able to walk around the parks.
But it was just it was so rewarding
and I had such an incredible
feeling of excitement towards my future
and what this program
was going to do for me
professionally and just emotionally.
It was awesome.
I would say. I was like very excited.
I was actually in a sorority meeting
and I got the email
and I couldn't really, like,
you know, do anything other than like,
you know what I mean?
But after I got out of the meeting,
I was jumping for joy because it
this program was also
my internship class for my degree.
So that was even more exciting
that it was Disney.
It wasn't
something like, you know, boring.
But, but I was just so excited.
I was like, this is awesome.
And I've only been to Disney
once before this.
So I was like, Okay, well, I have
I don't know much.
So this is an opportunity
for me to explore the parks,
like truly
get into the, into the lure of Disney.
So yeah, I was super excited.
Yeah, absolutely.
And I feel like I want to touch on that,
like not necessarily knowing a lot
about Disney going into that.
Was that something
that was maybe intimidating?
Do you have advice for anyone who
maybe isn't as familiar with the parks?
you learn as you go.
And I think a lot of people don't have
some people have like
a lot of Disney lot knowledge,
but other people don't.
And that was me.
And you get to learn
from those people as well.
So it's just all a learning experience.
Yeah, totally.
Abby Had you been to the parks before?
Were you familiar with Disney
or were you kind of in the same boat?
I had been to the parks
a few summers with my family,
but I think I was definitely lacking
in the Disney movie knowledge
and the Disney TV show knowledge.
So I was a little nervous
that, everyone here is going to
be so much more advanced for me.
Like we're not going to be able
to bond over everything.
I can talk about
how much I love rollercoasters,
but are they going to want to hear that?
And the answer is yes, you. my gosh.
You will find someone
who has so many similar interests as you.
So many different interests.
I mean, everyone here
has one thing in common, and that is
Disney means something to them in some way
and to talk to people,
learn about what that is, tell them
about what it means for
you has been really awesome.
Okay, so let's see.
We've done the application, we've done
the phone interview,
we've gotten the notification
that we are in.
We are part of the Disney College program.
What happens after that?
I think one big question here a lot
is around roles and role preferences.
How does that work?
So during your interview
they ask what are your preferred
roles?
And I've
worked retail since I was like 15,
16 and I was like, Please put me in Birch.
I beg to be a emergency vet.
So luckily
I did get that merchandise role.
And so then from there they like
kind of puts you in a specific park.
So or resort.
So I really want to work in the parks.
Like I said, I've never you know,
I haven't only been there once.
I was like, yeah,
let me in the parks, please.
So luckily I got Epcot.
And so from there I just did
a little bit of research about like
what building
in my going to be in and stuff like that.
It was just a quick Google search
just to, you know,
get my little my grounds to,
you know, show my parents like,
hey, this is exactly where I'll be working
and stuff like that.
I think it's important
to note that during the interview process
they had a section where you can put roles
you're not really comfortable with.
So like for me,
I put Don't make me a lifeguard
because I will not be good
at saving anyone's life.
the swimming in poor sleep.
If you're not a strong swimmer, just
let let's just go do another.
But aside from that, you're able
to kind of rank in order
which ones you want to do the most.
And in your interview,
you have an opportunity to talk about it.
And I think sometimes
the selection process is kind of random,
but they also want to make sure you're
as happy and successful
as possible in this program.
And it's kind of nerve wracking not
knowing for sure what you're going to get.
But it's it doesn't make or break
the program.
The program is not dependent
upon your role.
It is just one aspect of it.
Do you have any other advice for people
who because it's not guaranteed, Right.
Do you have any advice for people
who may not get that role
that they're looking for
and just how to make
the most of that moment?
I would say honestly,
like every role is fun
and you may not like, that
that's not the role that I want it a lot.
But it's really when you either
at the parks or the resort,
you always get these guest interactions
wherever you are in your role.
And I feel like that's like the best
part of it is you get to communicate
with other people and learn
like their experiences
and stuff like that.
And I will say, like your other cast
members really make this experience
what it is, and especially like
our coordinators in our leaders,
wherever you are,
they will make sure that your role is
you'll have the best time
there during your program.
Yeah,
be open minded.
This is a challenging experience,
especially if you have never lived away
from home before
or you don't have a ton of work
experience.
But as long as you go in with an open mind
that's what's going to set you
up for success Okay, so let's dive
into your roles a little bit.
We have merchandizing, we have custodial.
What is a day in the life
in those roles look like?
So usually I'm working
like the closing shifts,
so it's usually hectic.
There's a lot of guests coming in
and out of the store.
I'm also at Mobility
that is helping with strollers
and wheelchairs as well as CVS.
So there's just a lot going.
So when you come in, wherever you're
supposed to be going, go straight there.
Hello, my name is Gary.
How can I help you today?
Are you all looking
for a specific character?
And most of time they usually are here
so that you just, you know,
point them, direct them
to where they're supposed to go.
if you have mobility, you're
just going to help out with wheelchairs.
Make sure you grab strollers
and stuff like that.
And then my favorite part, especially
about mobility, is riding the nametags.
You ask them like,
what name would you like on it?
And you write it all nice and pretty, add
some mickeys in there and I kid you not.
It makes their day.
They're like, This is so nice.
And I'm like, No problem.
That's the Milky Way.
And then, you know,
you let them on their way and, you know,
and it's a great experience
to just be around people.
24 seven during our like,
you know, our busy shifts.
And then at night
we get to see the fireworks.
And so it's really nice to enjoy that.
And at the end of the day, we,
you know, restock the store
and make sure it looks nice
for the next guest the next day.
Yeah,
I think there are
two distinct sides to being in custodial,
and I can only speak for what it means
in the resort, not necessarily the parks.
I know it's kind of different,
but the first being you're responsible
for keeping the area
looking nice and clean.
Sometimes we're called the show keepers
because Disney is all about the show
and putting on just a performance
for all of the guests.
And so as the show keepers, we make sure
the stage looks nice and clean
and there's no spills or something
that I guess is going to slip
on when you walk
by making sure everyone's safe.
That's one side of it.
There's a whole bunch of different things
you can do cleaning wise,
but the other side and the side
that it's most important to me
is this is a really big role
for guest interaction
because the resorts have a lot of freedom
and they have something that the parks
don't.
And it's the fact that
guests are staying
there and you have the chance to see them
multiple times, which is a really big Jim,
because you are now presented
with this opportunity to form a more
in-depth relationship with the guest,
which just goes towards
enhancing their overall experience.
And that's that's my favorite part
of this whole program, is
being able to interact with everyone.
One thing we're always told is
if someone asks you for directions,
you never point.
You're like, it's over there.
You can find it as a custodian.
Laughing.
Their signs, I think, Enjoy.
But yeah, you're supposed to do that.
And as a custodian,
we're supposed to be the people
who can lead them there and it's awesome.
I will literally walk and go off
for 20 minutes or so.
Just talking with people. It's
awesome.
It's my favorite part.
I love what you said about
sometimes just going off with a guest,
and that really is so normal
and almost expected.
And, like, one of the best
parts of working at Disney is like,
you really get to prioritize
those guest interactions and like creating
magical moments for them.
So my question is, have either of you
been able
to create a magical moment
for your guest? Yes.
So there was this couple who came into
this store and I kid you not.
They were looking around and I'm like,
okay,
they're they're searching for something.
So I came up and I was like, Hi,
I'm Gabby.
How can I help you?
Is there a certain, like, character
you're looking for?
She was like, Yes,
So I'm looking for the orange bird ears.
Is there any way do you have them?
Like, where can I find them?
And unfortunately,
because that was the mascot for Flower
and Garden Festival and Flower
and Garden Festival had ended the day
before they had come.
So both of the merchandise
with the orange bird on
it had already, you know, either been sold
or has gone to the back.
So I was like, you know, it
let me check the back because I might have
seen one last pair of orange bird ears.
So she was like, my gosh, thank you,
thank you, thank you.
I was like, Yeah, no problem.
I went to the back.
I could not find these
ears, could not find them.
And I was like,
I know I saw these literally yesterday.
There is no I saw these.
So I went to my coordinate.
I was like,
Have you seen these orange bird ears?
And she was like, Actually,
yeah, it's on the desk over here.
It was on the coordinator desk.
I was like, can I,
can I give this to to a guest?
And she was like, Of course.
So I came outside
and I kid you not this guests.
She was in tears.
She was like,
I've been searching for this orange bird
because they go to the Flower
and Garden Festival
every single year since they were married
and they always get the ears.
And so this, you know, this was their
little trinket for their anniversary.
So I was like, okay, yeah, here you are,
let's get you checked out.
She was like, Thank you so much.
And I felt like so, like, happy
that I was able to one
five years to be able
to make this a special moment for them.
So sweet.
my gosh.
They're going to remember that forever
for a long time.
And so will I, you know, because
that was such like a great moment.
I try to make magical
moments as often as I can,
because not only do
I know that it makes a guest experience,
but it also it makes my day.
I love when I can come in and know that
I've had just a slightly positive impact
on someone's day.
But I'll give you a few short examples.
One of my favorites is I was vacuuming
one day, one of the carpets,
super mundane tasks, something
I've done a lot At this point, I'm
just kind of droning on I saw a little boy
at the corner of my eye.
And he is just fascinated by this
vacuum
is the coolest thing he's ever seen.
And so I look over
and like I look at the mom,
make little eye contact, and I'm like,
Hey, come over here.
And he comes over and I was like,
Do you want to help me vacuum?
I said, Yes.
And so I lower the vacuum to a smaller
set, and I'm like,
Come on, let's get this place cleaned up.
And we're just like vacuuming.
And he's having a great time.
The mom is taking a video.
It's a simple little things.
Another moment I can think of is
custodians can do water art,
which is a huge perk.
And I was outside doing it one day and
I was just making some Mickey Mouse ears.
And I look over and I see a little girl.
She's loving it.
She's having a great time.
And I was like, Hey,
do you want to help me finish this?
I was like, I have a huge task for you.
And she's like, Okay, I got it.
And I'm like,
I need you to help me make Mickey's ears.
Only you can do it.
This is the job for you.
So she's like, Okay, I got it.
And I gave her the broom. She's doing it.
They're perfect. It's
just a simple little thing.
And then I'm like,
Why don't you just, like, scribble
around like you're an artist,
Show me some art.
So she's like, scribble and up and down
the sidebar, she's drawing princesses.
We're having a great time.
But it's just
I love and able to do things like that.
It really it makes my day.
I'm about to go apply for the college
program. Just.
Those are such sweet stories.
Like, I want to do that.
Yeah, I remember seeing somebody do that
for the first time and I'm like, Man,
I don't even know if I have
the skills to be able to do this,
but just the little things, right?
It's Disney culture.
Are there any things like
the pens or ears or anything
that you like to collect that's like,
this is my piece of Disney culture?
That's a great question.
I have a pair of ears and I want to buy
some more ears, specifically up
ears, like just like the book, because
it has like the little gravestone I want.
So I'm trying to get into the ear
collecting and stuff like that.
But that that's going to be
my first purchase.
And then the second one is the Winnie
the Pooh is have you seen those?
They're like the little tiny.
Like little. It's beautiful.
And then we just got Rapunzel ears back,
I believe, back in stock.
it's so cute.
So probably next, you know, it
will probably be the, the ears for sure.
Yeah.
there's this thing that guests do
sometimes called pixie dusting,
where you're just like working
and you either make a magical moment
for them or they just want to be generous.
But they give you a little gift
So side note, my resort
has this little activity
that we do called the wave.
And every night at 730,
all the custodians gather outside
by our entrance and we have a speaker
and lights and a bubble machine.
And we have those little mickey gloves
that you wave.
And we just have a dance party
for 30 minutes and people will come
enjoy and lots of little kids.
We're just waving people off
like coming back in the parks.
It's awesome.
But the other day,
while we were doing that,
there was a couple who came up and
they gave all of us these little keychains
that had a version of the little Mickey
hand on it because we all had them on.
And I like to collect those things,
those little pixie dust,
try to try to keep them in my heart.
Those are really nice because usually
they will come around with like bracelets.
Have you gotten.
Yeah, yeah.
They'll come around with bracelets
and stuff for us, which is like, so nice.
And I have like six of them.
I like different ones,
like Disney characters and like,
you know, park themed stuff like that.
I don't know why it's a thing,
but around my resort, a lot of guests
bring these really teeny tiny dogs.
Is that a thing? Yes.
I didn't know that was like a trend
that people were doing.
I don't know.
What did you see?
Yes. wow.
You have them, like, all over our office.
They're everywhere.
No way. Yeah.
Hey, I need to get into this Okay.
Is it hard working in the parks
or just like being on the college program?
Because we were talking about,
like, ears and stuff.
The temptation
to, like, buy them all. Is that.
Is that real?
Because I feel like I'd be, like,
spending all my money on everything,
especially when a new lounge flight
comes. No.
Five backpacks.
Not the backpacks,
the backpacks and the lugs.
The merch is too tempting for real.
Don't let me set foot on Disney property.
I will buy everything
So that kind of leads me.
I mean, you know, you collect
all this amazing stuff while you're here,
but then there's that balance of like,
Well, what do I even bring down
to Florida?
You know, like you're
trying to balance a little bit of both.
So what was kind of your perspective
of your space that you have
and how much you're
actually bringing with you?
Because you know that there's only so much
you can take back as well.
well, that was the question
because I'm a shopaholic,
I love to shop.
I have like tons of tons of clothes.
So when I was coming down
to the Disney College program,
I had my own apartment
because I was just finishing up college.
So my mom did
not want to store all my stuff.
So I had to get like a little storage unit
just right next to my house.
And I just put most of the stuff
that I couldn't bring down here,
mostly just like winter stuff,
like because I'm from northern Georgia.
So we do get a little, you know, brisk.
And so I was like,
We're going to Florida.
Don't even go cold.
I put all my winter stuff away
and I brought all my summer
and like fall type stuff here.
And then, you know, that
gave me a little bit lead way of room
for the Disney stuff.
So, you know, once my program is over,
that's
going to be my parents
problem to pull back out. So.
first I
have to say I am a certified over packer.
So it was challenging trying to figure out
what I should narrow down
and bring here.
I one thing to say,
I bought a lot when I came here.
It was just the excitement of starting
a new program and being at Disney.
So I kind of wish
I almost brought a little less of
so my Disney related things.
If I knew I was going to
literally double the amount I had like
within the first month of being here.
And secondly, the clothing situation.
I love clothes. I really love them.
But you're working often
and when you work you wear a uniform.
So like 5 to 6 days of the week,
I already have my clothes picked out.
So you kind of don't need to worry
as much about having a lot
a lot of clothes
that you need to be wearing all the time
software out of the parks, stuff for your
traditions and all of your welcome.
Make stuff like a nice little business
casual, but just dorm related stuff.
Because I came here, probably my semester
ended, I went home for a week
and then I had the privilege
of driving here in my car
so I could bring a few more things.
I know when people fly, it's
even more challenging,
but I basically just packed
everything up from my dorm
and then put it back in my car and kept
it is classic college stuff.
Mattress topper, huge help on these beds.
storage bed, big thing. Yeah.
Well, just pack yourself up
and then take one or two or ten things out
because you don't really need them.
Yeah.
What was it like transitioning
from your own apartment
in your own space or like,
maybe your own dorm room to coming in
and having roommates and sharing a space
and just meeting new people in general
as well?
I think it's fun.
I'm a very like, what are you doing?
let's, let's do this.
So like,
it was kind of cool, especially because
the first month I was actually by myself
because I'm in an A two by two.
So I have a roommate with me,
but I was by myself and I kids, you know,
I was like, I'm like kind of lonely.
Like, this is this is like,
okay, I'm ready for a roommate, like
whenever you want to give you one.
And so when we finally when
I finally got one, it was really cool.
I connected with her.
She's from Wisconsin.
And so I was like, okay, with
this is someone, you know, different?
They've never been where I've been.
So, you know, we got to swap stories
and she also she works food and beverage.
So when we come home, we're always like,
would you do like,
you know, especially after training?
Because we didn't know, like,
you know, how training was going to go.
So we were talking about it
and like the things that she did
was different from what like I did.
And so it was kind of cool
to be able to talk to her.
And then the people from across the site.
It was kind of cool to talk to them
because they work in
Magic Kingdom, so they were like,
We're so busy.
But it was just fun, like being able
to talk to people and especially because
Flamingo Crossings Village,
they have a lot of events
where you can go and meet people
and get out of your room
so you don't feel like,
I'm like by myself, you know, like you
get out there, you go swimming
and you meet someone from France or,
you know, from UK or from Mexico,
and it's just like an awesome time.
And especially just because, like I said,
I'm bubbly.
I literally talk to anybody.
So it was fun.
It was it was nice.
Was a nice little transition for me.
I have had experience
living in the same room
with someone before
because I'm a junior in college,
and so I'm kind of used
to adjusting my habits to fit
another person being there and learning
how to respect their space,
which is super duper important.
I was very nervous
because you don't know any information
about who you're going to be living with,
which originally I kind of
it gave me a lot of anxiety,
but now I'm grateful for it
because it allowed me to not make
any preconceived notions and overthink
who was going to be living with.
So when I moved
in, there were people already there.
They had been working there,
already got busy schedules,
but gotten really close with my roommates.
It's been a great experience.
Like she said before, Flamingo Crossing,
they have a lot of welcome events.
They make sure you're not feeling lonely
or if you're feeling homesick,
they've got something
that's going to help comfort you.
And for a lot of people,
this is their first time
living away from home
or sometimes being at Disney.
It's easier to get homesick
than being away at school
because for me personally, Disney
was always a thing I did with my family
and I don't do
my college classes with my family,
so I kind of forget about them here.
But there's a lot of memories.
you'll have people to talk to.
You just have to get out
and take advantage
of all the opportunities
they present to you.
Yan I want to touch on that welcome week.
So what is that first week
like when you arrive on the program?
So that first week
it's actually kind of fun.
It's a little stressful but then fun.
So that first week
you're moving in all your stuff, you're
getting your IDs
for getting into flamingos crossings
and finding your room and,
you know, putting all your stuff away.
And when I did it, it was it was like
a bittersweet moment because my mom,
we drove together she helped me
put some stuff inside of my apartment.
But then her flight was literally an hour
after like we got there.
So she helped me with my bathroom
and she was like, All right.
So, you
know, I was like, mom,
But after once she left
and I was by myself for a little bit,
I was like, okay, breathe.
What do we have to do?
And luckily, they give you like a schedule
for your first day to make sure, like,
Hey, you need to be here, here, here,
and the rest of the day.
Have fun, Enjoy yourself.
And after that day,
when we got through the background checks
and doing all of the, you know,
the important documentation,
that's when we got to do the three day.
It was a Disney Park
State Park admission.
Yeah, the park admission days.
And after that I was like,
Bye, mom, love you.
I'm going to Slinky Dog in in Hollywood.
And I had a blast of a time.
I went with my roommates and we just
got to explore the parks before, you know,
we started doing like Disney training
and stuff like that for our roles.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's better than my welcome week
in college.
It's more fun
and less that I'll say that in.
It was pretty good.
It's Florida, it's hot.
I think I forgot where I was moving to.
So on opening day, I was like,
my gosh, like moving boxes.
And so I didn't so dress appropriately.
But also know that you do
take your blue I.D.
photo that will be your ID
for your entire career at Disney.
So within the first
like hour of being there.
So you take that.
So just keep that in the back of your head
to fight yourself a little bit,
just a little as much as you can,
because he will do your makeup,
you know, wear makeup,
make sure you have like
powder settings, spray
whatever you need to do.
yeah.
So in between your moving
day and traditions,
you have three free days
where you can either
choose to make 100 shopping trips,
get all your stuff organized,
or you can also go to the parks and start
to feel super excited about Disney and
and just get a taste of
the rest of your time with this program
is going to be like,
What is it like to be at Walt Disney World
and surrounded by all of these leaders
and people who have also done
a Disney college program
or an international program,
or does they have that experience
with Disney programs as a whole?
I think it's a really fun
like I said before,
it's a learning experience, so everyone's
going to have a different experience.
So hearing other
like especially the international program
cast members, it's
always cool to hear how they got here.
And learn from them.
And then again,
like just swapping stories about,
you know, how we made magic
the day or yesterday
or the day before that
and how they made magic as well.
So Being around and leaders
who have been where you are
is really inspirational,
especially if you're someone
who wants to try to further your career
within the Disney company.
This is an awesome place to start.
If you're someone who is interested in
Imagineering
or, or, like hospitality, casting,
all these things.
Talk to half the people who are working
as a higher up and they'll tell you
this is exactly where they started.
Does it matter your role?
You don't have to be something
that relates to a corporate position.
I have talked to
so many people who are like,
I was in custodial
and now I am working as a brand manager
or I was in food and beverage
and now I am a leader of the resort.
Concierges.
I am and I am in charge of helping
all these people navigate their program.
It's really cool.
It feels very down to earth,
very achievable,
and at the same time
they have been where you are.
So they understand a lot of what
you're going through and to have something
that you relate with your your managers
and your leaders is something
you don't get in a lot of careers,
especially at this young of an age.
it's a really cool work dynamic.
So let's dive a little bit deeper
on making connections.
How would you compare and contrast,
like making friends or networking
or whatever from the Disney
College program to college?
Is it the same is a different
what is it like?
I would say it's more exciting.
That's my I know in college
it can be a little,
I guess, intimidating in a sense,
just because like everybody
is in their in their business suit,
everybody is like
ready to resume, resume president,
you know, And I'm like, whoa.
Like, you know, like I feel at Disney
when I'm networking,
everyone is very, like, welcoming,
but like, it's very calm.
It's like a conversation.
I'll talk separately
about making friends and networking
and how they're kind of combined.
But first, the difference
between making friends at college
and making friends here is
colleges are usually very big
and it's kind of hard
to pick one direction and focus on it.
But here at the DCP,
you are put in an environment
where a lot of people
share the same interest.
Yes, I mean, I'm
a big musical theater fan, big Disney fan.
It's hard
to find literally an apartment complex
where all of your neighbors are like,
I also am a theater
fan and I love like Disney.
So that's a really cool experience.
And then as a networking
kind of professional
stands, this is kind of the same thing
where it's easier
to pick a certain direction and go in it.
But that's my favorite
part of this program
is so many opportunities for networking.
I am a public relations major,
so at my school
I do have a lot of places
that I am able to connect with.
Fellow PR majors or people
in the communications department,
which is awesome.
But here there is such diversity
in every aspect and I'm able to talk
to people in all different careers,
which I think really helps make me
a more well-rounded person Okay.
So now that you guys
have been on the program for a bit,
was there anything that surprised you
about this?
Like a pleasant surprise coming in
you weren't expecting?
I would say
probably that I am in different locations.
I thought it was going
to be just one location
and you're just, like, stuck there.
Luckily, I was able to go from America
and Morocco
as well as international Gateway,
so it's kind of nice from my day to day,
I get to like see different things
because sometimes I come
into the International Gateway Store,
the World Traveler store, and I'm like,
That's new.
Like, I didn't see that before,
or they like, switch around the store.
Especially over at the Art of Disney.
We have different
like prints as well as original artwork.
So when you come in
and you know your original artwork
is not there anymore and I'm like,
wait, didn't we have like a King Kate
over there or like, I was already
Are you gonna like, All right,
we got to learn a new way, you know?
So it's kind of cool to, like,
you know, do different things
and see different, like, art and then,
you know, different merchandise as well.
I think for me,
I don't know why I thought this,
but when I heard, I'm going to be doing
the Disney College program, I was like,
I'm only going to be working with
people who are in college
or who are around my age.
But most of my fellow cast members
are my age or older.
And that surprised me
and at first intimidated me
because I was like, my gosh,
I've I don't I'm not fit for this work.
All these people have
all these years of experience.
What am I going to do?
But it was pleasantly surprising.
And being able to talk to someone
who has been in this company
for 25 years is really cool.
And going off of that,
something else that surprised me
is the amount of diversity I'm exposed to.
Like I'm from Kentucky, so I didn't really
grow up around a lot of diversity.
But to be in a space where you're around
people from different countries,
from all across the U.S.,
all of different ages,
all different races and genders,
like it is really, really cool.
And it is so interesting to talk to people
who have lived
a totally different life
than you and share your life with them.
That has absolutely exceeded
my expectations
and really, played a part in why
I love this program so much.
That's awesome.
Yeah, they always say that
Disney kind of gives you
so many different resources
to help you be successful as well.
So is that something that you feel like
kind of applies
to your own stories and journey?
I would especially the events
that we have at Flamingo Crossings,
like you're able to work
with different people that you've never,
you know, worked with before.
And like she said,
like we have people from Japan
and UK and,
you know, all these other countries.
it's a really cool experience for sure.
That's awesome.
Okay. Abby, what about you?
Yes. Okay.
This is a perfect time to talk about
some of the learning sessions
that Disney offers.
They have a wide range of sessions
that literally go from things like,
you can learn a sign language basics
or the history of Epcot or how to network.
And they talk a lot
about professional things.
So like, like I said, networking,
they have things like
how to build up your LinkedIn profile
or how to build your resume.
They are so beyond useful.
That's the perfect way to network
because a lot of the people
who are leading
those sessions
are not only fellow DHCP alumni,
but they are people who are working
their way up in the company
and they have this thing called
it's like a little degree
you can get if you take
so many hours of these sessions.
They're called a doctorate or a masters,
which is an adorable name,
but kind of gives you motivation
to work towards that achievement
and just really help build some of your
professional personal financial.
They have a lot of like financial classes,
build all of those skills
and just help you in this program
and in life.
Very cool.
Yeah.
So we often say the Disney College program
is a stepping stone into what's next.
And you guys have talked about this
even today where you've been able
to meet so many people
who started on the college program
and are now really high up in the company
doing really cool things.
How do you feel like this program has set
you up for whatever the next step is?
I think definitely it has build
my leadership skills
and also the way that I present myself,
because I will say,
like I said, I'm a very bubbly person
and sometimes I just talk really fast.
So, you know,
it allowed me to figure out like,
Hey, you need to calm down, slow down
a little bit and let other people talk,
because I would just just talk,
talk, talk, talk.
So it's an experience
that showed me like, okay,
so let's figure out how to have a good
or a great conversation
by allowing them to talk about themselves
and then allowing yourself to
like give a little bit of tidbit
of information
that leads them to ask you more questions
about yourself.
So you're like networking just literally
everywhere, like I said before.
So yeah,
I'm super grateful for
all these skills that I feel like
I'm learning while I'm here.
I could go on and on,
but in general, this is teaching me a lot
about responsibility because I have never
really had a job like this before.
Not just,
I mean, in like custodial, but such a long
commitment
that takes a lot of time and energy.
So it's been teaching me
how to navigate that.
I'm also taking classes while I'm here.
So time management has become
a big learning lesson of mine
and what better place to do that
than here?
But within work,
I have really learned a lot about teamwork
and through learning how to work well with
others, I feel like I am building myself
up as a leader, which is something I'm
super passionate about.
That's what I really want to take with me
when I leave is knowing that I'm
a good leader and I and I learn
how to do that by watching my own leaders
and seeing how me and my fellow
cast members respond to them.
I do it by figuring out what are my
strengths, what are my weaknesses.
I used to always say
I was very adaptable.
Every time I go to an interview,
I'd be like, I am adaptable.
But then I got deployed,
which basically
means that for a little over
two weeks
I was sent to a different resort
right after I just got comfortable.
Finally, no,
everyone was getting into a routine.
They dropped me in this place
where I was familiar with nothing
and I was like,
I don't feel very adaptable now.
And then they did that a few more times
and I was like,
Why do they keep doing this to me?
But by the end of it I was like,
This has been a great learning experience.
I now feel more confident
being able to walk in an environment
where I don't know anyone
and no one knows me yet still stand out,
make it impact on my work,
make a difference to those around me,
and just take something
from that experience.
You learn something new
at every every resort.
I go, I picked up something else
and I bring it back.
And even if the skills I'm learning are,
this is a better way
to change this trashcan
than what I was doing before.
But that's just transferable
to keeping an open mind and learning
that you don't know everything
because I didn't know a lot coming here.
I don't know how to clean,
but figuring out how to start from nothing
and work
your way up to then become someone
who maybe your other coworkers look up to.
That's my favorite, like professional
or experience I'm getting from here.
That's amazing.
So we know that you have some time
left on your program.
So I'm going to say that before
I ask this question.
What are you going to miss the most?
My gosh, actually, I know exactly
my cast members, my fellow cast members,
when I tell you they really make my day,
I walk in and everyone's just like,
give me.
And I'm like, Hey, guys, Like,
I really enjoy it.
And like, we laugh together.
And in the Disney College program,
people's programs are different.
So everyone has like a different end date.
So I've had a lot of cast members
that are that
I've come like really close with
who have already left.
And so I'm like, you know, I'm
missing them because like cast member
is like really make it like,
like and a great experience.
So now that we have new kids
that have come into like World Traveler
as well as the Art of Disney Store, it's
kind of fun to connect with them as well
and just make it a great
day every day, you know?
Is it stereotypical if
I just say the parks,
I mean, the parks are full.
I feel like I'm here
living in this Disney bubble
because life just isn't real here.
If I have a bad day,
I'm going to Magic Kingdom.
I'm going to miss that.
It's it is an experience
unlike anything else.
Grab a turkey leg, you know? Yeah.
You get a
what is your advice for someone who's
maybe on the fence
about doing the college program?
We always say just do it.
But beyond that, what advice do you have?
just like she said,
keep an open mind, Take every opportunity
for what it is, grasp it and go for it,
because you really never know
where it will take you or where or what
you'll learn.
Just keep putting yourself out there
and I think you should.
Just like you said, just do it.
Sometimes it's
good to step out of your comfort zone.
It's really scary moving to a new place,
starting a job suddenly,
if you've never done something like this
before, living with complete strangers,
it is a lot.
I'm not going to I'm
not going to lie and say, Say it isn't.
But if you motivate yourself
to push past some of your feel fears,
you will be really grateful to yourself.
Because only, only
you are going to be able to,
you know, overstep
your own boundaries in that
space of
uncomfortability
is where we grow as people.
All right, I heard the saying
where you make your own happiness.
And I try to live by
that as often as I can.
And that's been really handy
while I've been here,
because there are challenging days.
I think if you focus on them,
you're not going to have a good time.
If you let yourself get down in the dumps,
it's not going to be a good program.
But if you come here
and you challenge yourself
to make your own happiness,
to make yourself go out to the parks,
make yourself introduce yourself
to other people, like
go to all those learning sessions
at Disney offers.
If you do that for yourself,
you will be so grateful
and it'll be the program of a lifetime.
So just try it. Don't be scared.
Just try it.
So I feel you on the certificates
because I have my mini masters
sitting on my desk at work
and it just makes me feel like, so proud.
Like I accomplished something.
I did something intelligent.
Yeah, exactly.
So what is something that either
and I'll let you kind of pick
which way you want to go with this,
Something that you wish you knew.
Those first couple of weeks
being on your program or a resource
that was actually pretty helpful during
your first couple of weeks on the program.
So I would say the passive go app,
which is like a transportation,
an app, because I came down here
without my car and so I was like,
I don't know how I'm going
to get from one place to another place.
I'm going to get to the grocery store.
Like, where? How?
So It was kind of nice
when they told us, I believe it was
when we first moved in about the passive
go app and like
how the transportation works
and it's not too hard to learn.
And one thing about me is
I like simplicity during that first week
they give us like an email with like how
our like schedule is going to be laid out
and it'll tell you where you're
supposed to be going and as well as like
how you're supposed to dress.
So like I said, it was very organized
and I knew exactly where I was going.
I really like the app
got on the app train.
We have this app called Castle Life,
which is basically
our kind of internal website
that has every
in all information that you might
possibly need while you're here.
It talks about discounts, events
coming up.
It's where you can see your schedule,
very important and request days off.
That is literally my lifeline.
That and this other website called Dorms,
which is where you can go and locate
all of Disney's offerings.
So like those those learning sessions
I talked about, but also they have
these really cool opportunities
where you can get kind of a backstage
insider tour of some of the rides.
So I check that thing
every single day, literally all the time.
I'm one of those
iPad kids who is constantly
either boarding pass.
I can't help it,
but something I wish I knew
early on is during my training
I was scheduled for very early mornings
7 a.m.
because I was like,
not that early, but I'm a No.
Seven. And it's really I agree. I agree.
I wish I knew that
that was most likely going to change
because now I work all PM shifts.
But at first I was like, I can't do this.
I cannot wake up every day
at like 5:45 a.m..
I just wish I knew that
my schedule was going to Agile.
It was it was going to regulate. Well,
it all works out.
I agree with that.
Like when I first got here,
I'm not an early morning person either,
so I was waking up at 5:00 and I'm like,
All right, got to get it together.
But then after training
and doing more of like the closing shifts,
it kind of made it
a little bit easier for me to be like,
okay, pack day in the morning, go to work.
All right, Sleep Like, it was just
it gets easier as you go on and you, like,
figure out like, this is my positions,
this is how I do things.
Like it gets way easier.
And especially, like I said, like I'm
not a morning person.
So once you go through that morning
shifts,
you're you're good to go after that.
You you get through that.
You can get through anything.
okay. Simple question.
Did this program meet your expectations?
exceeded my expectations
maybe it's just because I came in
with such an open mind, but I was ready.
Well, I was a little nervous But
I love it so much.
I have learned so much.
I'm so happy. I love my work.
I feel so fulfilled by it.
I love all of the amenities
they have here.
It is such a great environment.
I'm astounded by how friendly everyone is.
So yeah, this program has really blown me
out of the water.
We love to hear it.
Okay, so Jaci mentioned you guys
both have a little bit more time
left on your program.
What are some goals you want to accomplish
before your program ends?
So I have worked in every single park.
So now my next goal is to work
at every resort.
So so far I've done the Polynesian
and the Grand Floridian,
and I will say it's spectacular,
especially with the decorations.
It's like on beam every single one.
I'm like, especially the Polynesian.
I feel like I'm Hawaii, like Bahamas,
you know, just living the high life,
you know, really.
And in the Grand Floridian beauty
force, stunning like very met gala,
like you have the piano
and the guy is playing his piano.
I'm like, yes, I'm very posh right
now. Yeah.
It's like it's so nice.
So I'm ready to, like, you know,
go to the other resorts and explore,
you know, their merchandise. Cause
I like to shop. Well, you know,
an all star movie.
we'll do, we'll do some over there.
You know? Yeah.
I just want to explore the resort.
earned my doctorate
or one of those degrees.
I got to go to all of those sessions,
and I want to become super informed Yeah.
And then my last one.
So is there a meal, a food, a snack
or anything that you feel like
someone has to try this?
Like, this is the one thing
that I need you to try.
If you come visit Walt Disney World.
Okay,
so this is only for the Food and Wine
Festival at Epcot
because I've been just circling.
So I would have to say there's
actually two things that.
Okay.
no, no, I'm telling you, I've been just.
let me get to this.
What's this? Awesome.
Let's do it. France.
They have a bakery.
Get the macaroon
and think it's like a raspberry macaroon.
And it's huge.
It's great.
I love it. It's
fresh. It's not too sweet. It's
perfect.
Second thing, it's either going to have to
be the poutine right out of Canada.
Braised beef poutine.
so hands down, you get fries,
you get meat, you get cheese.
You can't ask for anything better.
It's. It's beautiful.
I have a big sweet tooth
and I'm going to say
there's this coconut trees leches cake
that I know is at the festival Favorites.
Delicious.
I could eat so many of those.
So many. Yeah.
Try that.
you guys have been amazing
and given us such good answers so far.
We have a couple more questions
from our Instagram
official Disney programs
from some of our followers.
So would you be willing to answer
some of those?
Of course.
Awesome.
All right,
let's get started with the first one.
This one is from Elizabeth.
Thank you, Elizabeth. Okay.
Tips for self-care and time management
on the Disney College program.
Okay, So self-care one,
I would say on your break days,
take your break day.
Don't stress yourself out.
Just, you know, sometimes you just need
to indoors day because most of time,
well, like me, I'm usually in the park,
I'm outside, I'm getting a lot of sun.
So take your indoors day,
put on a good movie, put on you know
you're your your moisturizer,
whatever you need to do and just,
you know, enjoy yourself,
watch a good movie, eat your favorite food
and just relax because sometimes
it can be a very hectic week.
And taking that time for yourself
is very important,
especially for your mental health.
Make sure
you're getting enough sleep
this is kind of combining time
management and self-care,
but your schedule is going to be funky.
I work for I work until like
midnight to get home at like one
every night.
Even though that that's late,
you still need 8 hours.
You still need
you still need to get your sleep
just because you're coming home
like late doesn't mean
you still have to wake up at 8 a.m..
Like, you'll adjust to your schedule.
You'll figure out what time
management hacks work for you, but
definitely make sure you're getting enough
sleep, getting enough water.
It's so hot out here
in Florida is hydrate, hydrate, hydrate.
Yes, Sleep, eat, drink water.
Take care of yourself. Really?
Awesome. Okay. Next question.
Decided to give it to you
so this one is from Emma, and she wants to
know, should I bring my car?
I would say yes.
Coming from a person
who doesn't have a car, leg.
I will say the transportation is great
if you're like flying from somewhere like
and you don't have the option
to bring your car, girl, you're good.
You're like, Get on that bus.
You're going to get where you need to go.
But if you have the option to
bring your car, I say do it just in case.
If you know
you need to go do something else
that's outside
of where the transportation takes you,
You know what I mean?
So I say, go ahead and bring your car.
It's so worth it.
I love having my car here.
I think it gives me
a certain sense of freedom.
there's a lot of cool things in Florida
that you can go and explore,
and having my car allows me to do that.
Also, you get free parking
and all the perks because you work here.
Okay, cool.
So definitely
sounds like you don't need a car,
but if you want to bring one,
you want to explore?
Amazing. Go right ahead.
Cool.
Okay, Last question.
It comes from Julia.
Julia asks, How does housing work?
Do we get to choose
what we would like to have?
So housing is like pretty good.
So basically we fill out a form And you're
going to put in your preferences
for which type of area
you would like to stay in.
So you have your 4x4,
which is four rooms in that room.
You get your own bathroom
and then a four by two,
which is your own room,
but you're going to be sharing a bathroom
with your suite mate.
And then the two by two, that means
you're going to have a person in the room
with you.
You're sharing a room
as well as a bathroom,
so you don't always get your
first preference, which is totally fine.
Like I said,
everything is a learning experience.
So but it's like
I said, it's always fun to like,
you know, learn about other people
and talk to other people as well.
And then if you have
a medical accommodation,
you can go through that process and yeah,
they make it like super easy.
So you understand like what you're
getting into and where you're going.
And they also have their website.
So just in case, if you wanted to see
like the, the formulation of what to buy
to the 4x4, the four by two look like
they're always on the website.
So yeah,
and I think it's
important to have full transparency
and say you're most likely
going to get a two by two and you're
most likely going to share a room.
But I think if you know
that ahead of time you'll be able
to prepare yourself and kind of examine
your own living habits and maybe what
you can change or what's important to you.
But I think living with someone
is kind of a part of the experience.
I mean, I'm very fortunate to have a close
relationship with my roommate,
but even if you don't,
you're working a lot
and you're going to the parks
and you'll meet lots of other friends,
so you're not home terribly often,
but the space is very nice.
You have a common space.
They provide like utensils and dishes
or washing machines
and a huge TV and a huge TV.
Very nice. Not to mention the TV. Yeah.
And for rent, it's really nice
because they take it out of your paycheck
each week.
And so I know they beach.
They're always sure to schedule you enough
hours so you're able to meet your rent.
It is very low stress.
As someone who is not very good
with math and logistics,
you don't have to really feel
anything out weekly.
They just do it for you,
which was a huge relief for me.
And also just the whole Flamingo
Crossings complex has a lot of stuff.
There's two swimming pools,
so you can look forward to that.
Yeah, my husband has it's nice here, cool.
Well,
thank you so much for taking the time
to answer some of those questions.
We actually have one more game for
you all,
so I'm going to reach back
into our Spaceship Earth model.
Hand this to you. And you.
All right.
This is going to be
a little game of trivia.
We ready? Ooh, yes.
Okay. True or false?
The first DHCP
participant lived at Vista Way.
I'm going to go.
You think? True.
I was going to say false.
You're going to say false.
Okay, we'll go false with the false.
Ding, ding, ding.
Yes, it is false.
They lived at Snow White Village.
Okay.
This one, true or false?
The DCP is older than Disney's Animal
Kingdom theme park.
Go true.
I'm going to say true.
That's true. Rate of not to be true.
I'm yeah I'm a go to
yeah let's go with true you're on it true.
This is animal kingdom opened in 1998.
DCP started in 1981.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
That's a lot older than you. Yeah.
All right.
True or false?
You have to be currently enrolled
in a college
or university to apply for the DCP.
false.
Does false.
The program is also open to recent grads
for up to two years.
Nice.
Okay, graduates. Yeah.
And then one more. True or false?
The current Walt Disney World Ambassadors
Shannon and Serena
are DCP alum.
True, True.
Sure. Let's go with that going in
and the answer is true.
We go, We're too good.
We're just too good.
Awesome.
Well, thank you so much again
for stopping by answering our questions,
playing this game with us.
That is all we have for this episode.
But just want to say thank you again.
And it was so much fun talking to you all.
Thank you, guys.
The possibilities are truly endless
when you're here on your Disney couch
program.
Stay tuned for the next episode
because we're in a chat
with two people who are back
for the second Disney Couch program.
And make sure you're following us
on official Disney
programs on Instagram
and Disney programs on Tik Tok.
For all the latest updates and insights
on the Disney College program,
We'll see you next time. Bye bye.